>> Mike North: Step 2,
you will start with your tests passing,
you will ban implicit anys.
And this is a tsconfig compiler option,
noImplicitAny, true.
So setting that to true means, instead of
TypeScript falling back to any in places
where it can't figure things out through
inference, it will throw an error at you.
Not throw an error but
it will give you a compile error.
>> Mike North: So you're gonna then have
basically a to-do list, and it's mostly
going to consist of implicit anys that
now have turned into compile errors.
And you are gonna go through and
provide meaningful types where you can,
and where you can't,
you'll use an explicit any.
You'll add a type annotation saying,
this is an any,
I am explicitly saying,
whatever is fine here.
This is a good time for
me to highlight DefinitelyTyped,
which is an open source project that
provides ambient type information, right?
This is like the DTS files.
It provides separate npm packages that you
can bring in and it'll, ideally, perfectly
lay on top of the underlying JavaScript
code base that you're used to using.
For example,
if you want to use Lodash, which
unless something has changed recently,
that is not written in TypeScript.
It's written in regular JavaScript.
You can import the Lodash types, and
you'll get all of the benefits
that you get from typed code.
But it's really like
the implementation and
then the type information
laying on top of it.
DefinitelyTyped publishes out
to thousands of libraries and
they all are in the npm package
scope at typed or at types.
So you'll see at types slash lodash.
And if you look in the package
JSON on this workshop project,
I think you'll see at types slash node.
So that has the fs module and
the path module,
all the type information there, right?
So this is a good time to sort of
start bringing that in as a way of
combating these implicit anys.
And then you're going to get
your test passing again, and
this is a second independent poll request.